RDS Aurora MySQL guide (#84)
spiceai/quickstarts: rds-aurora-mysql/README.md

> ### Follow these steps to get started with AWS RDS Aurora (MySQL Compatible) as a Data Backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Follow these steps to get started with federated SQL query against AWS RDS Aurora (MySQL Compatible).
```

Data Backend is our old name for a Data Accelerator, which is not what this is.

> ### Follow these steps to get started with federated SQL query against AWS RDS Aurora (MySQL Compatible).

Reviewer 2: First line should be title. E.g. `# <title>`. Follow these steps should probably just be paragraph.

Author: updated

> # AWS RDS Aurora (MySQL Compatible)

Reviewer 2: Suffix: Data Connector
